insert into publisher(NmPublisher, DescPublisher) VALUES
("Archie", "Archie Comic Publications, Inc., is an American comic book publisher headquartered in Pelham, New York. The company's many titles feature the fictional teenagers Archie Andrews, Jughead Jones, Betty Cooper, Veronica Lodge, Reggie Mantle, Sabrina Spellman, Josie and the Pussycats and Katy Keene.");

insert into publisher(NmPublisher, DescPublisher) VALUES
("Fleetway", NULL)

insert into publisher(NmPublisher, DescPublisher) VALUES
("12 bis", "12 bis is a French publisher. The company publishes predominantly bande dessinée comic books and manga in France. It was founded in 2008 by Dominique Burdot, formerly of Glénat."),
("Blue Comics", "Blue Comics is a Brazilian publisher of comics and related media, known for being the first (in Brazil) to have its own shared universe.The company was created by Micaías Ramos in 2006."),
("First Comics", "First Comics was an American comic book publisher that was active from 1983 to 1991, known for titles like American Flagg!, Grimjack, Nexus, Badger, Dreadstar, and Jon Sable. Along with competitors like Pacific Comics and Eclipse Comics, First took early advantage of the growing direct market, attracting a number of writers and artists from DC and Marvel to produce creator-owned titles, which, as they were not subject to the Comics Code, were free to feature more mature content."),
("Aardvark-Vanaheim", "Aardvark-Vanaheim is a Canadian independent comic book publisher founded in 1977 by Dave Sim and Deni Loubert and is best known for publishing Sim's Cerebus."),
("Bubble Comics", "BUBBLE Comics (Russian: Издательство BUBBLE) is the largest Russian comic book publisher, founded in 2011.[2] It is the only publishing house in Russia that produces original non-franchised comic books. Its early slate consisted of four titles: Demonslayer, Major Grom, Friar, and Red Fury. These were later joined by Exlibrium and Meteora. The original four titles concluded their run in December 2016 at fifty issues each. In January 2017, four new ongoing series were launched in their place: Allies, Demonslayer vol. 2, Igor Grom, and Realmwalkers."),
("Dell Comics", "BUBBLE Comics (Russian: Издательство BUBBLE) is the largest Russian comic book publisher, founded in 2011.[2] It is the only publishing house in Russia that produces original non-franchised comic books. Its early slate consisted of four titles: Demonslayer, Major Grom, Friar, and Red Fury. These were later joined by Exlibrium and Meteora. The original four titles concluded their run in December 2016 at fifty issues each. In January 2017, four new ongoing series were launched in their place: Allies, Demonslayer vol. 2, Igor Grom, and Realmwalkers."),
("Elvifrance", "Elvifrance was a French comic book publisher, specializing in digest-sized publications, often translations from Italian fumetti."),
("Awesome Comics", "Awesome Comics or Awesome Entertainment (also known as Awesome-Hyperwerks when briefly joined with Hyperwerks Entertainment) was an American comic book studio formed in 1997 as an imprint of Image Comics, by its co-founder Rob Liefeld, as Extreme Studios and Maximum Press."),
("Event Comics", "Event Comics was an American independent comic book publisher founded by veteran artists Jimmy Palmiotti and Joe Quesada. The company published during the years 1994 to 1999, at which point it was contracted to form the Marvel Knights imprint for Marvel Comics."),
("Evil Ink Comics", "Evil Ink Comics is a comic publishing company set up by Claudio Sanchez, the lead singer of progressive rock band Coheed and Cambria. Currently Evil Ink is co-publisher to three graphic series; The Amory Wars, Kill Audio and Key of Z. In 2009, Evil Ink released its first prose novel, Year of the Black Rainbow. Each part of The Amory Wars series features the same title as its respective Coheed and Cambria album, as each album tells different parts of the said story."),
("Farrell Publications", "Farrell Publications is the name of a series of American comic book publishing companies founded and operated by Robert W. Farrell in the 1940s and 1950s, including Elliot Publishing Company, Farrell Comic Group, and Excellent Publications. Farrell is particularly known for its pre-Comics Code horror comics, mostly produced by the S. M. Iger Studio.[1] Farrell also published romance, Western, adventure, superhero, and talking animal comics. Farrell acted as editor throughout. In addition to packaging art for Farrell from the beginning, Jerry Iger was the company's art director from 1955–1957."),
("Fiction House", "Fiction House was an American publisher of pulp magazines and comic books that existed from the 1920s to the 1950s. It was founded by John B. 'Jack' Kelly and John W. Glenister.[1] By the late 1930s, the publisher was Thurman T. Scott. Its comics division was best known for its pinup-style good girl art, as epitomized by the company's most popular character, Sheena, Queen of the Jungle."),
("Personality Comics", "Personality Comics was a short-lived American comic book publishing company which specialized in unauthorized profiles of professional athletes and entertainers, as well as adult comics."),
("Futabasha", "Futabasha Publishers Ltd. (株式会社双葉社, Kabushiki Gaisha Futabasha) is a Japanese publishing company headquartered in Higashigokenchō, Shinjuku, Tokyo, Japan."),
("Hakusensha", "Hakusensha, Inc. (株式会社白泉社, Kabushiki-gaisha Hakusensha) is a Japanese publishing company. It is headquartered in Chiyoda, Tokyo.")


insert into publisher(NmPublisher, DescPublisher) VALUES
("Hall of Heroes", "Hall of Heroes was an American independent comic book company that existed in the mid-to-late 1990s. Based in Elkhart, Indiana, Hall of Heroes operated from 1993 to 1999."),
("Harvey Comics", "Harvey Comics (also known as Harvey World Famous Comics, Harvey Publications, Harvey Comics Entertainment, Harvey Hits, Harvey Illustrated Humor, and Harvey Picture Magazines) was an American comic book publisher, founded in New York City by Alfred Harvey in 1941, after buying out the small publisher Brookwood Publications. His brothers, Robert B. and Leon Harvey, joined shortly after. The company soon got into licensed characters, which by the 1950s, became the bulk of their output. The artist Warren Kremer is closely associated with the publisher."),
("Dark Horse Comics", "Dark Horse Comics is an American comic book, graphic novel, and manga publisher founded in Milwaukie, Oregon by Mike Richardson in 1986.[5] The company was created using funds earned from Richardson's chain of Portland, Oregon comic book shops known as Pegasus Books and founded in 1980."),
("Nihon Bungeisha", "Nihon Bungeisha Co., Ltd. (株式会社日本文芸社, Kabushiki Kaisha Nihon Bungeisha), or Nichibun (にちぶん), is a book and magazine publisher established in 1959 and based in Chiyoda, Tokyo, Japan.")